Second master, listen to me.
You slut.
How dare you pay in advance?
Yes, I blocked it.
It's just the slaves who don't know what to do.
Why do you want to rush in?
They're still blocking me.
Then you must teach me a good lesson.
They even have that.
You must also make him live worse than die.
Shut up.
Madam, explain to me.
It's him. He forced me.
Don't you dare hit my mother.
Oh, what did you just call him?
He's not the scary idiot in this family.
Don't you see?
The richest girl in your mouth is a fake.
Just a canary kept by his grandfather.
This is second master Lam, second in command of our Lam family.
He is Aunt Ly.
He means Uncle Lam.
He is the real protective girl.
Son, son, what are you doing?
Say it.
Ha ha I didn't expect it.
It's all real.
It turns out I just need to marry Uncle Lam.
I can get hundreds of billions of orders.
Pay Ronte in advance
Ha ha, Uncle Lam.
Sorry, I was wrong.
Please forgive me.
Give me a chance, okay?